feat(dws): add datasource to get logical clusters (#5226)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/dws_logical_clusters.md

---
subcategory: "GaussDB(DWS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_dws_logical_clusters"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the list of DWS logical clusters within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_dws_logical_clusters

Use this data source to get the list of DWS logical clusters within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "dws_cluster_id" {}

data "huaweicloud_dws_logical_cluster" "test" {
  cluster_id = var.dws_cluster_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `cluster_id` - (Required, String) Specified the cluster ID of the DWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cluster_id` - (Required, String) Specified the ID of the cluster to which the logical clusters belong.
```

Author: fixed
